README.md, before:

# WorkAdventure Map Starter Kit

![map](./map.png)

This is a starter kit to help you build your own map for [WorkAdventure](https://workadventu.re).

To understand how to use this starter kit, follow the tutorial at [https://workadventu.re/map-building](https://workadventu.re/map-building).

## Structure
* *public*: Static files like PDFs or audio files
* *src*: Scripts files
* *tilesets*: All tilesets
* *map.tmj*: Map file
* *map.png*: The map thumbnail displayed on the in-game map information

If you want to use more than one map file, just add the new map file on root or in a folder.

we recommend using 500x500 images for the map thumbnails.

If you are going to create custom websites to embed in the map, please reference the HTML files in the `input` option in *vite.config.js*.

## Requirements

Node.js version >=17

## Installation

With npm installed (comes with [node](https://nodejs.org/en/)), run the following commands into a terminal in the root directory of this project:

```shell
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Test production map

You can test the optimized map as it will be in production:
```sh
npm run build
npm run prod
```

## Licenses

This project contains multiple licenses as follows:

* [Code license](./LICENSE.code) *(all files except those for other licenses)*
* [Map license](./LICENSE.map) *(`map.tmj` and the map visual as well)*
* [Assets license](./LICENSE.assets) *(the files inside the `src/assets/` folder)*

### About third party assets

If you add third party assets in your map, do not forget to:
1. Credit the author and license with the "tilesetCopyright" property present in the properties of each tilesets in the `map.tmj` file
2. Add the license text in LICENSE.assets

Commit message:

changed auction-room to map and updated readme

README.md, after:

# AuctionAdventure

## Requirements

Node.js version >=17

## Installation

With npm installed (comes with [node](https://nodejs.org/en/)), run the following commands into a terminal in the root directory of this project:

```shell
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Test production map

You can test the optimized map as it will be in production:

```sh
npm run build
npm run prod
```

# Functionalities

- **Tutorial**: Provides an explanation of the different areas of the map and how the platform can be utilized. Developed By Stéphan GUEORGUIEFF.

- **SellingOffice**: This area of the map allows users to list their items for auction. Developed by Hamza MAHMOOD and Ismail MRABET.

- **Leaderboard**: Shows the leaderboard of users with the highest bids. Developed by Hamza MAHMOOD and Melvin PIERRE.

- **Auction Master**: Gives the auction master the ability to manage the auction by putting products up for auction or selling a product. Developed by Melvin PIERRE and Ismail MRABET.

- **Bidding Interface**: An interface that enables users to bid on items currently in auction. Developed By Ismail MRABET.

# Contributors

- **Hamza MAHMOOD (DEV)** - Pseudo: Zhamza1
- **Ismail MRABET (DEV)** - Pseudo: MrIsmail1
- **Melvin PIERRE (DEV)** - Pseudo: melvin-crypto
- **Stéphan GUEORGUIEFF (DEV)** - Pseudo: StephanG2a
- **Adam Thireaut (DESIGNER)** - Pseudo: Adamtht
- **Gwenn Bounlay (MARKETING)**

## Licenses

This project contains multiple licenses as follows:

- [Code license](./LICENSE.code) _(all files except those for other licenses)_
- [Map license](./LICENSE.map) _(`map.tmj` and the map visual as well)_
- [Assets license](./LICENSE.assets) _(the files inside the `src/assets/` folder)_

### About third party assets

If you add third party assets in your map, do not forget to:

1. Credit the author and license with the "tilesetCopyright" property present in the properties of each tilesets in the `map.tmj` file
2. Add the license text in LICENSE.assets
